
Hello Friend or Family (or someone who is both, LOL) ... 

As you know I have been working hard for 3 months creating a website platform 
I intend to use to create several internet businesses.  This is called the 
TransVerse Platform.   My first website is the "TransVerse Game System".  

This game system is is intended to host many multi-player multi-language 
games, to allow people from different countries who speak different languages 
to play games online together.  

So after many many hours of work, I am finally ready to present this Alpha Demo to 
my close non-malicious and non-critical friends, LOL.

Alpha means it is pretty new code, and missing many bells and whistles, but it is enough 
to demonstrate the concept and be fun.   It might have bugs.  It might lack security 
features.  It might only work for limited numbers of users at any one time for now.  

Here is the purpose and the limitations of this Alpha Demo: 
     
1) The Transverse Game System is currently designed for a laptop or computer 
   screen, not a phone.  It will work on a phone screen, but it is not optimized 
   for a phone screen yet, so it may look really awkward on a small phone screen.
   I have not tested it extensively on a mobile phone. I do intend to make all the  
   games look great and run well on phone screens by the time I do the Beta Demo, in 
   the future. 

2) I am using a free tunnelling service (ngrok) to make it the TransVerse Game System 
   which is currently running on my laptop visible outside my home, to anyone, anywhere 
   in the world.   But in reality, the servers are just running on my laptop for the 
   Alpha Demo.  My laptop is not a huge server like Amazon or Netflix has.  I can only 
   support a few users at a time as they enjoy an Alpha Demo.
   
3) Ngrok, the free tunelling service that lets users reach my laptop from anywhere in the world    
   makes up a random url each time I run it, so I have to give it to you to enter in 
   your browser.   But once you do that once, you dont have to enter it again.
   An example of the URL is something like:
   https://postvertebral-unsceptically-kristel.ngrok-free.dev/localhost_11000  
   Notice the part before ngrok is a random mishmash of words.  That is a deliberate 
   choice made by the ngrok tunelling service. As a free ngrok user, I dont get to 
   chose this string of words. It seems to be stable for about a week, but I expect it 
   will change periodically. 

4) The purpose of the alpha demo is just to show you what I am working on.   
   Most of the real value is the foundation code and services that let's the server 
   hosting and authentication and game flow work.   Thats where all my time was 
   invested, and that codebase is very large, and very complicated.  I coded it from day 
   one to be scalable, so someday I can support thousands or millioins of users if my 
   web business ideas work out and attract many users.  But, this particular game in 
   this Alpha Demo is fairly trivial.  But the first game is not the point. 
   The infrastructure is the point, plus showing an example of how a multiplayer game 
   can work.
 
5) There is no multi-language support yet, no voice chat support yet, no camera support yet.  
   All those features, and MANY MORE, will come later.  

6) Currently there is only one game supported called WordGuess. It is just to show you the 
   general idea of how a multi-person game works for one or more players.   This game is 
   very simple, a word is shown, and you must click on the picture that matches the word.   
   However this game was created specifically because it is actually helpful for people who do 
   not speak English to learn English. 
   
7) The actual TransVerse Platform is hosted on my laptop for the Alpha Demo, and it needs to be 
   running for any of this to work.  In general if I send you this invitation, its part of 
   our discussion for you to try out the TransVerse Game System right away, so obviously I 
   will have prepared the laptop at my end and it will already be running all the necessary
   servers and the proxy manager, and I will have set up the ngrok tunnel.   But ou dont need 
   to worry about any of that.  But if you later try to reuse the link below, it probably wont 
   work if I have already terminated the server and proxy programs at my end, on my laptop. 

***********

Here is how you can see an Alpha Demo of the TransVerse Game System (with 1 game)... 

On your laptop or computer (or Phone if that is all you have) open a browser and enter:  
   https://postvertebral-unsceptically-kristel.ngrok-free.dev/localhost_11000  
into the URL bar in the browser, then click enter or GO.
 
The first time you do launch the game systme in any 7 day period, you will see an 
ngrok warning page.   Just click the "Visit Site" button on that page to continue.  
You only have to click the "Visit Site" button once a week.  
